[♪ epic theme music playing]
[sheep bleating]
[bleating]
[dragon grunting]
[bellowing]
[chittering]
[dragon grunting]
[gasps]
[speaks High Valyrian]
[dragon snarling]
[growling]
[gasps]
[grunting]
[dragon vocalizing]
[shouting]
[grunting]
[screaming]
[banging]
[metal clanging]
[grunting]
Kneel.
[sword unsheathing]
[grunting]
I can make it clean. or...
Might I at least know
the accusation. my prince?
Where is he?
- Who?
- My brother. the king.
In his quarters!
You are a traitor
to the crown.
- I sentence you to die.
- No!
- [Ironrod] My prince.
- [gasps]
It appears Lord Larys
has fled the Keep as well.
Mm.
[bird squawking]
[groaning]
I need milk of the poppy.
I'm afraid in our hasty flight
that I neglected to bring any.
Ah. the pain!
Please. Please.
Take heart. my king.
These are dark hours. but...
brighter days lie ahead.
No. No.
I'm the king of nothing.
With raven shit for a throne
and a cripple for a protector.
- Oh. I'm fucking pathetic.
- [people shouting]
- [horses whinnying]
- [groaning]
- [shouting continues]
- [thumping]
Oh. fuck!
[groaning]
[shushing]
Draw your hood.
- [birds squawking]
- [shouting continues]
[groaning]
- [shushing]
- [door thumping]
[Man shouting]
Wait. no. wait!
[wincing]
Who are you?
Simple men in service
of the Citadel.
[groaning softly]
We're taking these ravens
to White Harbor.
You're in the queen's lands.
If you mean to pass. you first
have to denounce the usurper.
bend the knee.
You swear fealty
to Her Grace.
the one true queen.
Rhaenyra Targaryen.
[chuckles]
We denounce the usurper
and swear to Her Grace.
Rhaenyra Targaryen.
Come on. friend.
Affirm your fealty
so we might be on our way.
[huffing]
- [groaning lightly]
- The captain said kneel.
Fuck you.
[spitting]
- [grunting]
- [coughing]
[soldier chuckles]
Forgive my friend.
he can be so stubborn.
- [continues coughing]
- They're for Aegon.
- Put them to the sword.
- [sword unsheathing]
- Ahh. Wait. please. Please.
- It's a very lucky day
for you. my lord.
The reason this man won't swear
fealty to Rhaenyra...
is because he is
Aegon Targaryen.
What?
No. no. that's--
What are you playing at. friend?
Always jesting.
- That true?
- No.
No. of course not.
These-- these are lies.
He was lustrated in dragonfire
by Rhaenys Targaryen...
- No.
- ...and her dragon
at the Battle of Rook's Rest.
My companion is always
the gifted mummer.
- I am His Grace's
loyal councillor...
- Always making grand claims
- for his entertainment.
- ...and the Lord of Harrenhal--
Outrageous fucking lies!
Someone's lying.
- His crown.
- No.
[coughing]
Pretty hair.
Take their heads.
- They'll make a rich bounty
for the queen.
- Forgive me. my lord...
- No. no. no. please.
- ...but you would lose your
own head for such a misstep.
This is the challenger himself.
You can name your price
for delivering him...
and his most trusted confidant
to the queen
as living hostages.
Who are they. then?
No one of consequence.
- [grunting]
- What's the nearest port?
- Duskendale.
- [sword slicing]
Bar them within.
We'll take them there.
And hire a ship
to Dragonstone.
I have to believe...
that Alicent's offer
was genuine.
[Jace]
It is a ruse cloaked
in stale friendship.
The risk she took in coming here
is beyond question.
And the risk
she now asks you to take?
To fly to the Greens' stronghold
based on her word alone.
It is a trap. Mother...
to lure you and Daemon
into Vhagar's jaws.
No! Vhagar and Aemond
are gone.
They have flown to Harrenhal.
And Aegon is bedridden.
I could take both Aegon
and the throne
in a single stroke.
No.
You cannot trust her.
[footsteps approaching]
Mother.
Alicent came to Dragonstone.
- Alicent?
- Under a banner of peace.
- Surely. this is not possible.
- The Greens know already
that their defeat is written.
Aemond flies on Vhagar
to join Cole
in the Riverlands.
With him gone.
Alicent will open the gates
of the Red Keep
and surrender Aegon to me.
I will then take his head
and the throne.
What are her terms.
Your Grace?
That she. Helaena.
and Jaehaera are spared.
and that this war ends
without further bloodshed.
That is a low price.
Do you believe
she can be trusted?
Uh. get word to Lord Corlys
in the Gullet.
I require ships to deliver
fighting men enough
- to secure the city.
- Your Grace. I protest
- this action with all my po--
- And Daemon must
return with haste.
I'll write to him.
We'll fly to King's Landing
in two days' time...
and take the city.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
Good morrow. ser.
My queen.
The king requires
an audience.
Rather to the throne room.
Your Grace.
Aemond.
Why are you here?
[heavy doors closing]
Aegon has abdicated
the throne.
Abdicated?
W-What do you mean?
Fled King's Landing
with that toad Larys.
No. Aegon was... bedridden.
Where could he have gone?
Why?
Because he's even more stupid
than he is craven.
We must send a search party.
He needs to be found
immediately.
Where were you. Mother?
You've not been seen
in the Keep in days.
I was in the Kingswood.
Aemond.
I have found myself
of little use here of late.
And what of Harrenhal?
You and Vhagar were meant
to fly to meet Ser Criston
and challenge Daemon
together.
Aegon has left me no choice
but to remain here
and defend the city.
But aid is coming.
Lord Ormund
and 15.000 Hightower men
presently march up the Mander
with Daeron and his dragon.
And the Triarchy fleet
will. at any moment.
ambush the blockade with a force
thrice the Sea Snake's strength.
We only need to bide our time.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[metal scraping]
[crew member shouting]
♪
- [sword slicing]
- [soldier gagging]
[screaming]
The Lannister host
has scattered. my prince.
The vanguard was smashed
and the rearguard
broken and fled.
And what of
the golden Lord Lannister?
Fled when the cavalry
broke rank.
Our scouts believe they may be
regrouping near the God's Eye.
Then we'll continue
the fight there.
We must pursue them
till the last.
- Have graves dug for our dead.
- Aye. my lord.
Caraxes would make short work
of these bodies.
And burnt flesh
carries no plague.
[Oscar Tully]
That is not our way.
Rivermen must be returned
to the mud.
My lord!
To arms!
Form on me!
[Caraxes growling]
[chittering]
[♪ tense music playing]
[Caraxes screeching]
♪
We have come to die
for the dragon queen.
Very good.
We've got more lions to hunt.
[shouting]
[army shouting]
♪
[people chattering faintly]
[woman sobbing]
[sobbing continues]
Good morrow. Lord Hand.
Has there been word
from Prince Aemond?
None. As yet.
He and Vhagar were
supposed to have joined us
back at the Antlers.
We march ever exposed.
- If he does not come--
- He has to come.
There is another matter.
One of our men
has ravaged a village girl.
I witnessed the events myself.
Something must be done.
Hang him then. if you wish.
I am not his Lord Commander.
A punishment is due. yes.
but also a statement
to the men.
That we are not beasts.
but knights.
and soldiers of honor.
Look around you.
Ser Gwayne.
Look to the sky.
To the horizon.
Doom and ruin surround us.
We will all become beasts
before our end.
Only if we abandon
our principles.
[dragon chittering]
[Ulf]
Never knew my mother.
Same as most of the gutter-rats.
Was kicked about
more than a mongrel dog.
Wished for death more days
than I wished to live.
There was this priest
from Essos.
He fancied me.
Paid me coin.
To do things.
He said I had king's blood.
That I was born
for a purpose.
I liked that story.
So I owned it.
Ulf the Dragonseed.
And that red cunt was right.
And you?
Where'd you get
your dragon's blood?
[dragons snarling.
screeching softly]
Did you hear something?
Don't like this place.
All this hanging about.
Vhagar was supposed
to be here already.
We have to wait
until she comes.
The queen didn't say
nothing about waiting.
She said. come here.
kill Aemond.
I wouldn't be too keen
to meet Vhagar.
She and the One-Eye
have slain at least
two dragons already.
Fight'll be worth it. though.
For the castle.
What castle?
The queen promised
to make us knights.
so we get a castle.
- What?
- [Addam] You have
to be named a lord
to get a castle.
- What's a knight get. then?
- A horse.
What do I need
with a fucking horse?
- I've got a dragon.
- You'd be Ser Ulf.
and men would have
to show you respect.
Men would have
to show me respect
'cause of the big
fucking dragon.
[dragon snarling]
I can't live in a title.
Or drink it.
I imagine there'd be
eager women.
Get more women
with a castle.
- [Sheepstealer growling]
- [Rhaena screaming]
[Sheepstealer bellowing]
[singing in High Valyrian]
[roaring]
[gasps]
[speaking High Valyrian]
♪
[screeching]
[quill scribbling]
Did you know Aegon had fled?
He was meant to be here.
It's Aemond
who should have flown.
You're frightened.
Ser Criston and Ser Gwayne
are in great peril.
I fear only for our knights.
Aemond should be with them.
Aemond's frightened. too.
[sighs]
After he claimed Vhagar.
he forgot what fear was.
But he remembers now.
He knows that if he has to face
Rhaenyra's dragons. he'll die.
Ser Soren?
Lord Ormund marches here
with the Hightower host.
Dispatch one of
your fastest riders
and deliver this
to him with haste.
These are
the king's instructions.
The king's?
- With haste. Ser Soren.
- At once. Your Grace.
[door closes]
Alyn. sit.
I saved this one.
It's from Ib.
Such luxury
is wasted on me.
- [cork popping]
- I've already broken the wax.
And I am not prepared...
to drink alone.
[sighs]
[coughing]
[chuckles]
I forget the guttural name
they have for it.
But I believe
a rough interpretation
is "dragon water."
[clearing throat]
An acquired taste. perhaps.
The queen has sent word.
We are to pull five ships
from the blockade.
sail down the Blackwater.
and seize King's Landing's port.
She's taking King's Landing?
Rhaenyra's advantage
is now absolute.
She will surround the city
with her dragons
and force the surrender
of Aegon and Aemond.
I admit I know little
of this enemy.
But Aemond One-Eye
seems the sort
who would sooner let it all burn
than abandon the throne.
Rough seas lie ahead.
I cannot fully mend...
the... breach between us.
But I do accept
that it was of my making.
I was fond of your mother.
For...
whatever we had together.
[scoffs softly]
I did try to provide
a life for you.
- For your brother.
- A life. perhaps.
But never a name.
I am sorry for it.
- [bell ringing rapidly]
- [crewman] Sail ho!
- [shouting continues]
- [bell continues ringing]
[crewman]
Enemy ships sighted!
[crew member shouting
indistinctly]
- Enemy ships sighted.
- What is their strength?
Three-and-fifty
counted so far.
They already outnumber us.
Put the oars out.
Send ravens to Dragonstone.
[crew member]
Put the oars out!
Take us to the head
of the blockade
and signal the fleet:
form battle lines.
Is it the Lannisters
or the Greyjoys?
It's the Triarchy.
Bring my armor.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[crew members chattering]
[Tyland Lannister]
Commander.
The Gullet has three inlets
into the Blackwater.
the largest of which opens
just to the south of Driftmark.
But I hold strongly
that we must press
towards the southern inlet.
If our armada engages
the Velaryon fleet
at close combat.
it will blunt the threat
of Rhaenyra's dragons.
They will be loath
to burn their own ships.
A canny strategy. my lord.
I can see why your king
made you Lord of the Ships.
[crunching]
You'll rule all this kit
if you wind up in the drink.
[chuckles]
My strategy is expressly
not to "end up in the drink."
We will face death on this deck
before we face it in the sea.
You will be glad of our armor
when the fighting starts.
I know I will.
The Sea Snake scouts have
raised the alarm. Commander.
If only to see his face.
Signal Halfjaw
to take his detachment
and penetrate
the northern pass.
- Mm.
- [Tyland] The northern pass
is the farthest route
running north of Dragonstone.
Whatever for?
To sack High Tide.
Lord Corlys' castle?
We will require
the full strength of your fleet
- if we have any hope--
- High Tide is a monument
to the Sea Snake himself.
Do you think
his focus will hold
when he sees
his treasure room aflame?
Uh...
[wind whistling]
[Sheepstealer vocalizing]
[Sheepstealer snarling softly]
[growling softly]
[retching]
[vocalizing]
[people chattering]
[Tessarion calling]
What is the weather
to be today. Bold Jon?
Raining piss or shit.
from the looks of the messenger.
[horse whinnying]
Good morrow. ser.
What news?
Good morrow.
my Lord Hightower.
I bring urgent word
from King Aemond.
King. is he now?
[insect buzzing]
[sniffing. groaning]
[clearing throat]
[sniffing]
Aemond says we have
to make camp here
and await further word.
He shall join us
in three days' time.
So Aegon's dead. then?
One king is as good as another.
[clearing throat]
Have this lad bathed and fed.
- Give him a good tent.
- Yes. sire.
Mayhaps the weather will hold.
[Alicent] It is my fault
we're in this position.
I strove tirelessly to put Aegon
on the throne. but I...
I failed to prepare him
to rule.
His frailties are his own.
You should have been king.
If you'd only been born first.
then perhaps
we wouldn't be here. but...
we must ever play
the board before us.
That is why you need
to go to Harrenhal.
To what end?
It is a stronghold.
One that has withstood
dragonfire once before.
You are no longer safe here
in King's Landing.
It is well to be fearful.
I. too. am afraid.
I'm not afraid.
[Alicent sighs]
Of course not.
But you are the crown now.
[sighs] And Rhaenyra will send
her new dragons here for you.
Soon or late.
I am not afraid.
Fly to the Riverlands.
Draw Daemon out.
He has just one dragon.
and killing him
would be a vicious blow
to Rhaenyra.
At Harrenhal.
you will be unassailable.
Perhaps I could
even meet you there.
That road is uncertain.
But this one.
if you stay here
and wait for Rhaenyra
and her dragons to come.
this one is certain.
[sighs]
You are so courageous.
But I cannot lose you
as I did Aegon.
If I do. I will be lost.
Heed me. Aemond. please.
I shall host a feast there
in your honor.
In Black Harren's hall
whilst my uncle's head
looks down from a spike.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[farting and grunting]
[flatulence continues]
- [leaves rustling]
- [gasps]
[gasps]
- [growling]
- Fuck!
What if Aemond
knew we were coming for him?
He could have attacked
Dragonstone in our absence.
Queen assigned us a task.
We must man steadfastly.
And if that is what the enemy
is counting upon?
[snarling]
- What is that?
- [Ulf] Fuck this place!
- What's happened?
- I'm leaving
is what's happened.
We must wait for Vhagar.
For how long?
Forever and a day?
She was meant
to be here already.
The queen only instructed us
to ambush Vhagar.
She did not say what to do
if the dragon never came.
I say we remain.
Who made you fucking king?
- [snarling]
- I don't like it here.
Is that what you'll tell
Her Grace?
- That you're craven?
- I'll tell Her Grace true.
That we stood watch
and Vhagar never came.
[Alys]
Your friend's right.
You're missing the battle.
The queen needs you
at Dragonstone.
Who are you?
I'm a witch.
Right.
Look after yourselves.
[dragon screeching]
[indistinct chatter]
Your Grace!
- There is war in the Gullet.
- Who?
An armada of ships
sailing out of the rising sun
from the east.
They have sprung their trap.
I shall go.
Mother!
Stop!
You cannot!
There is nothing you can say
that I have not heard.
If you die...
Then you will at last be king.
[shouting]
My riding leathers.
You are to lock
and bar this door.
The queen must be confined
until she regains her senses.
I could not defy
Her Grace's commands.
You are a knight of
the Queensguard.
Ser Lorent.
You swore to protect
Her Grace from all threats.
Including herself.
Your life...
for hers.
[Baela] Jace.
Rescind your command.
- It is treason.
- She has rejected my counsel.
my every attempt
to join the fight.
So you make war
with her instead?
This is all the work
of an ambush.
like Rook's Rest.
a ruse to draw out
the queen herself.
They killed my brother.
Baela.
I won't let them
take her as well.
Come with me.
We are ready.
We can win
this victory for her.
Was this not always
our purpose?
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[door thuds]
[door rattling]
Ser Lorent. open the door.
Your Grace. it was the
Prince Jacaerys' command.
To ensure your safety.
Open the fucking door.
- I cannot.
- [door thuds]
Ser Lorent!
Jace!
You open the fucking door!
- [banging]
- You release me at once!
[echoing] I will have
your heads for this!
[banging]
[people screaming and shouting]
[screaming continues]
[Alyn]
Crossbows. ready!
Release!
Archers. ready!
- [crew shouting]
- Release!
[bows thwacking]
Archers. ready!
Release!
Barrelman! Signal the fleet:
Do not cluster.
Keep them on the chase.
- [barrelman] Aye-aye!
- The fight is yours.
Archers. ready!
Archers. go!
Loose!
Flagship's been sighted.
m'lord.
It's the Bitchfist.
Lohar?
Harden up
and make towards her.
- I want her to sight us.
- Aye. m'lord.
Harden up!
Pick up the stroke!
[crew shouting]
Here she comes. lads!
Our jewel in the rough.
Signal the fleet.
The Sea Snake belongs to us.
An equal share of the plunder
when we take the ship!
- Aye. Commander!
- Commander!
Commander!
Ours is the flagship.
We cannot give ourselves
to a singular pursuit.
We must lead the assault
lest it fall into disorder.
Do you think I sailed
across the Narrow Sea
to win your king's war for him?
Those were the terms
of the contract.
The Sea Snake led
the persecution and slaughter
of my mates
for more than 20 years.
I sealed your contract for him.
Tonight. we shall walk
in the ashes of High Tide!
You'll all join me as I sit
the Driftwood Throne
and dine on
the Sea Snake's ears!
[crew cheering]
Break us free!
[crew shouting]
[Lohar]
And give chase!
He wishes only
to protect you.
I never asked
to be protected.
I expect it from my council.
those craven men ever clutching
at their doublets.
But my Queensguard?
Mine own son?
I may appear to have the weak
and feeble body of a woman.
but I possess the heart
and spirit of a king.
Enemy to starboard!
- [Alyn] Split. split. split!
- Ballistae. reload!
And put those fires out!
The fleet is surrounded.
And the Bitchfist
now pursues us
with a small detachment.
- [crew members] Dragon!
- [barrelman] Dragon!
[dragon screeching]
[bellowing]
[Jace] Dracarys!
[dragon screeching]
[Baela] Dracarys!
[all cheering]
[dragon calling]
Set a course through
the Dragonstone Pass.
The tide is nearly out.
We'll run aground.
Lohar only wants me.
She'll follow.
Without her. their fleet
will be rudderless...
and easy prey
for our dragons.
- [dragon screeching]
- [crew shouting]
Make ready. men!
Bring the grapnels!
[crew shouting]
- Ready?
- Ready!
[crew members shouting]
Load!
[dragon bellowing]
[grunting]
[Jace grunting.
Vermax screeching]
[speaking High Valyrian]
[cheering]
Call me Lohar. Dragon-Slayer!
Press the pursuit!
[grunting]
[crew shouting]
[Baela speaking High Valyrian]
[Moondancer calling]
[Jace grunting]
[screeching]
[sea birds calling]
Ease the sheets
and put out the oars.
Cast the leadlines.
[Alyn]
Clew up the course.
Leadsmen. to the channels.
Cast the leadline!
[crew member
shouting orders]
[shouting continues]
Depth. six fathoms!
Barrelman. report!
Breakers dead ahead.
Tide's running hard out.
Currents are strong
set to larboard.
Three enemy ships
closing fast astern!
Larboard your helm.
Follow my direction closely.
There is a way through the pass.
but it is narrow.
[Alyn]
Depth: half-five
and fast receding!
- Seven!
- Speed: seven knots!
Slight to larboard.
Aye. Lord Admiral.
- [Lohar] Follow her wake.
- We must go no further.
The pass is too shallow.
[wood thudding]
We do not know
the lay of this place.
- We are sailing blind.
- The Sea Snake will guide us.
- One over four!
Perhaps
70 yards' distance.
Easy now.
Starboard your helm.
- [thud]
- Too strong.
Ease it back.
[crew members shouting]
Let me.
Forty yards now.
Thirty-five!
- And a half-three!
Bank the oars.
[Alyn]
Coxswain ahoy!
Bank oars!
[shouting commands]
- Twenty-five yards!
- One over three!
- Ten yards!
- We're over the Teeth!
[wood creaking]
[loud banging]
We're clear!
[crew cheering]
Leave Lohar to the Teeth.
Take us back to the Gullet.
We must rejoin the fight.
[♪ epic music playing]
[speaking High Valyrian]
[Sheepstealer bellowing]
Three hands to starboard.
now!
- Three hands to starboard!
- We're going to wreck!
[loud banging]
We have walked directly
into his snare.
Two hands to larboard now
and hold her there!
- Two hands to larboard. hold!
- Cut the anchors!
Drop weight
and raise our draft.
Quickly!
Aye. Commander!
Cut the anchors!
What do you weigh
in that armor?
[shouting]
And the rest of them!
Hold that line.
and pull the fucking oars in!
[shouting]
[rumbling]
[rumbling stops]
Oars out
and close the distance!
Bring the hooks and lines!
Enemy flagship is clear.
She's closing fast astern.
She has the legs on us.
We can't outrun her.
And we've not yet the wind
to carry us against the current.
Furl the sails
and put the oars out.
Hard round to starboard.
Ready the offensive
for a broadside assault.
All shields and crossbows.
to your stations!
Load the ballistae!
- Boarding party!
- Boarding party.
Hard about and keep pulling!
Strong against the current.
- Turn!
- Or she'll be dragged
back into the Teeth.
She's not turning!
All shields and crossbows
to starboard!
Broadside. ready!
[crew members shouting]
[Alyn]
Positions. move!
Positions!
- Crossbows. ready!
- Ready!
Strike!
Hold that course
and fucking row!
[screaming]
Brace and be ready!
Now. strike!
[loud crashing]
[shouting and screaming]
Take the ship.
[crew shouting]
On your feet!
Prepare to engage!
[shouting]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[Sheepstealer bellowing]
Dracarys!
[soldiers screaming]
[crew member]
Bring down the rider!
[Soldiers screaming]
[screeching]
[audio muffled]
[grunting]
- [audio clears]
- [overlapping shouting]
[yardarm snapping]
[gasping]
[bellowing]
[screaming]
[grunting. gasping]
[Sheepstealer roaring]
[soldiers screaming]
[dragons bellowing.
screeching]
[speaking High Valyrian]
No! No!
Sheepstealer. no!
- [dragon calling]
- That's my sister.
[ships crashing]
- [shouting]
- [Lohar screaming]
[loud creaking]
Father!
[grunting]
- [bellowing]
- Hold on. Baela!
[screeching]
Rhaena!
[panicked shouting]
[Rhaena]
Sheepstealer!
[dragons continue
bellowing]
[grunting]
[roaring]
[Rhaena]
Sheepstealer! No!
- [thwacking]
- [dragon screeching]
[Jace] Vermax!
[screeching continues]
Jace!
[screeching. roaring]
[both grunting]
[shouting]
[muffled grunting]
[knife unsheathing]
- [gasps]
- [growling]
[exclaiming]
[breathing heavily]
[screeching]
Jace!
[projectiles whizzing]
[Vermax screeching]
Come on. Vermax!
[grunting]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[gasps]
[crew cheering]
[♪ soft. dramatic music playing]
[dragon screeching]
[screeching]
[bellowing]
[♪ dramatic music playing]